Even though we have no place to go home to
the seas are vast, and the skies are far
Anywhere that we go, surely you were also there
For my wish to come true, I want to sleep your side
“It’s going to be alright, certainly”
Look at me running off
The meaning that you helped lead us with now rests in these clumsy fingertips…
These accelerated days heat me up, as well as the past
without even knowing what it means to fight
Even if we still had a place to go home to
a room for one still feels spacious enough
Surely out there somewhere, you are also out there
sleeping somewhere that isn’t here
Saying “It’s going to be alright”
while also hiding all of my scars
Depending on bravado, pretending not to have noticed anything
Soaring off to southern skies, the birds migrate
also not knowing what it’s like to have a home
One of these days, when we can meet again
we’ll smile at each other, and take each other’s hands…
Even though we have no place to go home to
the seas are vast, and the skies are far
Surely out there somewhere, I will be there too
That is undoubtedly a restful fortune